# Intro to HTML and CSS + helpful resources
Yay! So you did the hello world! Now it's time to do jump right into JavaScript! The first part of this is making sure that you're familiar with the other two programming languages of the web: HTML and CSS.

First a little overview of HTML and CSS (They aren't that hard, I promise):
- HTML
	- HTML is what makes the text on every webpage, it's pretty simple, basically there are tags with text inside. (`<h1>Hello</h1>`), and those tags can have attributes (`<h1 onload="alert('yay!')">Hello world</h1>`), and id's and classes. An ID on an HTML element is a (usually) unique (optional) attribute, which allows you to select it using JavaScript or CSS and do something to it. 
- CSS
  - CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets, what it does it makes stuff look good. Basically you select an element by it's HTML tag name, id or class, then apply styles to it:
	```CSS
	h1 {
		color: red;
	}
	```
I'm assuming that you know basics HTML and CSS in this tutorial from now on, but if you don't go review on W3 Schools! It's a great resource for begginers!

# GREAT resources that you should bookmark:
The internet is a huge place, so where to find good tutorials and information about JavaScript, HTML and CSS? Here are some resources that I've found really helpful:
- MDN: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/
  - MDN is a trusted, comprehensive resource for learning web development. It has information for every function in JavaScript, HTML and CSS and is constantly updated and improved!
- W3 Schools: https://www.w3schools.com/
  - This is another super useful resource, it's a simple introduction to JavaScript, HTML and CSS. It's not super helpful after you've advanced some in JavaScript but it's very useful for begginers!