# Using external libraries
This tutorial will show you how to import and use external libraries in your JavaScript code. 

## Methods
Here are the ways that scripts can be imported:
### Importing through `<script src="__"></script>`
Some libraries use ES6 Import and Export syntax (I'll show this in a minute), while some libraries just define functions in the global scope for you to use. The easiest way to import a library is like this:
```html
<script src="https://whatever_the_url_of_the_script_is"></script>
```
There are several places that host libraries for you to use, they're called CDNs. They serve JavaScript files in a way that is easy for coders to use, and they (are supposed) to have fast loading times on their scripts so as not to delay page load. [Here](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/explosion-scratch/ripple/ripple.js) is a JavaScript file for my ripple effect library that you could import as I just described.

### Importing through ES6 modules
Since 2015 there has been a new, more efficient way to import large libraries. This is through modules. Basically whomever makes the script does something like this:
```js
function aCoolFunction(){
	//Lots of code here to export and let people use
}

export default aCoolFunction
```
Now whenever someone wants to use it they can just do this:
```js
import {aCoolFunction as cool} from "https://whatever_the_url_of_the_script_is";
cool();//Runs aCoolFunction.
```
Note that when importing, your script must be run as a module. This means `<script type="module">`, or if your script isn't embedded directly into the HTML page `<script src="__" type="module">`.
You can read more about modules [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules).

## Using a library!
Now that we know how to import stuff, we can import a library that I made for use with our [translator app](https://blog.explosionscratc.repl.co/post/4)! This module makes a nice effect on all buttons!

### Step 1: Recap
I'm assuming that you already made the translator app I showed